Can you do it?
Yes, yes.
Scalpel
Is Xiaoqiang's brain okay?
Really cooperated
He also has amnesia
Did you just see that?
The medical certificate he took out
It seems indistinguishable from sin
I have a medical license.
I really don't know how many catties I have
This kid has Reye syndrome.
How can it be cured?
He has Reye syndrome.
There is no international precedent for a cure.
Anyway, sooner or later, you have to die
It's better to give me some experience to practice my hands
God, I actually gave the light of Z country
The Phantom Doctor was scolded and made a move
Don't blow it to me for the rest of your life
His surgery is so fast
You have to pay attention to the whole process to barely keep up
There is such an operator
This is the difference between a thousand talents and mediocrity
Oh my god
Running into stubble?
He's really good
It's true, I'm sweating profusely.
This level of proficiency
Comfortable and subtle
Is there really anything better than him in domestic surgery?
You can watch a world-class surgery
Really gets the blood pumping.
Yeah don't fucking squeeze me
What are you sad horse
This is the legendary dragon that sees its tail but not its hands
It can be created every time it appears.
The doctor who made medical miracles?